To output more useful information
about a single project item,
let's go to the ProjectItem class,
because that is where we render this.
And in there, when I set the content of the h3 tag,
which is that number of persons,
we could change this to, say, number of persons
which we're outputting here plus "assigned."
So that we at least say, if I render this, "5 assigned."
But "5 assigned" also isn't really a good wording, right?
Of course we could say five,
or whatever the number is, "persons assigned."
So if we say "persons assigned" here, that is better...
Whoops, testing.
Does this work?
Because now this says "5 Persons assigned."
Well, that's better, but it's still not optimal.
What if we only have a project with one person?
It still says "persons,"
and that doesn't make too much sense.
Now, a getter can help us there.
So instead of saying "persons" or "person" here,
I just say plus "assigned."
But actually I don't just wanna output
the number of people here,
I wanna use a getter instead,
which returns us a proper term.
So, the right text basically.
So here I'll add a getter.
Not a must do, but a convention you often see
is to add getters and setters right below your upper fields.
So I will add it here,
below my fields above the constructor.
Now I'll name it "persons."
The name is totally up to you.
I'll name it "persons" here.
And a getter is basically like a function.
So you have to add parenthesis here
and then curly braces.
Now in there, as you see, you must return a value.
And here I wanna return a value
which is basically some text
based on the number of people I have in my project here.
So here we're gonna check if this.project.people
is equal to one.
In that case I will return "1 person" as a text here,
else I know it's more than one or zero
and in both cases I would say "persons," plural form.
I will return a template literal actually,
simply because it's easier to write text
with injected content with a template literal.
And there I'll say this.project.people "persons."
So now this is the text I'll return in this scenario.
So now we just have to use this getter
to automatically get the right jargon, the right text.
So down there,
instead of reaching out to this.project.people
I will just say, this.persons.assigned.
And I access this like a normal property,
so we're not calling this like a function with parenthesis,
instead we access this like this.
But this will trigger this getter
because it is the same name.
So this will trigger this getter,
run our logic there and then return the appropriate text.
So now if we try this again.
Testing.
Does this work?
And I assign five, we see "5 persons assigned."
Does this really work?
For sure?
And I add one here.
We see "1 person assigned."
So now this works in the way I want it to work.
Now this really outputs this properly
and it shows a nice use case of a getter.
Where this helps us transform data
when we retrieve it.